feat: Add `--no-warn-ignored` CLI option for flat config (#17569)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/configure/ignore.md

```text
foo.js

>   0:0  warning  File ignored because of a matching ignore pattern. Use "--no-ignore" to override. Use \"--no-warn-ignored\" to suppress this warning.

Reviewer: Just cleaning up the language a bit.

```suggestion
  0:0  warning  File ignored because of a matching ignore pattern. Use "--no-ignore" to disable file ignore settings or use \"--no-warn-ignored\" to suppress this warning.
```
